a great crime three that's good
he got begun
I think minis go do something I've
always had a thing about mini yeah just
since I was a small boy really she's
always featured somewhere in my life
force and voila
to do the part versus the seat or Nabih
Berri not one I think the honesty's is
the best acting honesty to be or not
quite what we're expecting
dereck and company with the age
difference the kids the alignment this
talent this really hidden appearance
enthusiasm and energy these guys
okay right degree and sweet baby
hahaha
from England
Derek Jamie and look I give them eight
out of ten I think you know they did a
really really good job especially Derek
you know singing the solo voice how are
you are you ready to scare up the
performance of your life
I look slightly better than I did at six
o'clock this morning I didn't think I
was gonna look this bad though it's
really good mega black guys what's going
through your mind you're just about to
walk in and go shooting first movie ever
what's it like chicken the first movie
just exciting and really we're excited
we're nervous who all want the making
company I would put in the second
position the guys were on time they were
singing well Derek who might want to
change jobs and maybe one day and do
something else like acting could do the
job his singing is good his energy was
good yeah
we go
yes yes my taste goes